APP-1: Change the website logo
As a Product Owner, I want the website logo to be adapted for our customer, which is McDonalds, so we can enforce brand identity.

Tasks:
- Download the logo from https://www.pngwing.com/en/free-png-zhorq
- Resize the logo
- Find the correct folder path to update the logo icon

Definition of Done:
Website now shows McDonalds logo and the resolution is 512x512 px.

APP-2: Rebrand the website
As a Product Owner, I want the website to be rebranded to McDonalds traditional colors, yellow and red.

Yellow: #FFC72C
Red: #DA291C

Task:
Replace existing blue background with the McDonalds red
Replace black buttons with McDonalds yellow

Definition of Done:
The website has McDonalds identity

APP-3: Add a Cheeseburger item
As a Product Owner, I want to have an additional product entry for the new Promotional offer McDonalds is offering, called "4 Spicy Cheese Burgers".

Tasks:
Add this promotional offer in Home and Menu sections.
Discuss with Marketing manager about offer details

APP-4: Fix the Home Page redirect buttons
As a Product Owner, I want the Home Page buttons to redirect end users to their respective pages

Tasks:
Order Now button should redirect to the menu.html page
Learn More button should redirect to about.html page

APP-5: Link the Google maps to Customers HQ
As a Product Owner, I want the website to show the proper McDonalds HQ Location so that the customers can locate us easier.

Tasks:
Find McDonalds HQ Location coordinates
Update location in Home page
Update location in Contact page

Definition of Done:
The map shows the correct McDonalds HQ Location

APP-6: Remove the Blog and Online shopping section
As a Product Owner, I want to get rid of the Blog section as the customer does not need blogging functionalities on the webpage.

Tasks:
Change add to cart button name to view in menu
Remove cart from menu
Remove blogging buttons

Definition of Done:
There is no Online Shopping functionality on the webpage.

APP-7: Remove search functionality
As a Product Owner, I don't want the Search functionality to be available on our website.

Tasks:
Remove Search button from header
Remove Search button from all pages

APP-8: Fix Copyright section
As a Product Owner, I want the Copyright section to reflect the following sentence so that this website can generate traffic to World Bank's website too.

Developed by The World Bank, for McDonalds. All rights Reserved! 2023

Tasks:
Make World Bank's text clickable with hyperlink to redirect to our webpage

APP-9: Configure Social Media buttons
As a Product Owner, I want the Social Media buttons to be linked to McDonalds official social profiles, so that we can redirect customers to and from these platforms.

DoR:
Wait until redirect buttons are fixed (because some of the pages will be deleted)

Tasks:
Remove Pinterest, linkedin and Twitter from the social bar, redirect facebook and instagram to mcdonalds